<div style="page-break-before:always;">
.
</div>


**National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Special
Publication 1500-9**

?? pages (December 1, 2018)

NIST Special Publication series 1500 is intended to capture external
perspectives related to NIST standards, measurement, and
testing-related efforts. These external perspectives can come from
industry, academia, government, and others. These reports are intended
to document external perspectives and do not represent official NIST
positions.

Certain commercial entities, equipment, or materials may be identified
in this document to describe an experimental procedure or concept
adequately. Such identification is not intended to imply
recommendation or endorsement by NIST, nor is it intended to imply
that the entities, materials, or equipment are necessarily the best
available for the purpose.

There may be references in this publication to other publications
currently under development by NIST in accordance with its assigned
statutory responsibilities. The information in this publication,
including concepts and methodologies, may be used by federal agencies
even before the completion of such companion publications. Thus, until
each publication is completed, current requirements, guidelines, and
procedures, where they exist, remain operative. For planning and
transition purposes, federal agencies may wish to closely follow the
development of these new publications by NIST.

Organizations are encouraged to review all draft publications during
public comment periods and provide feedback to NIST. All NIST
publications are available at
<http://www.nist.gov/publication-portal.cfm>.

**Comments on this publication may be submitted to Wo Chang**

National Institute of Standards and Technology

Attn: Wo Chang, Information Technology Laboratory

100 Bureau Drive (Mail Stop 8900) Gaithersburg, MD 20899-8930

Email: <SP1500comments@nist.gov>

---

Reports on Computer Systems Technology

The Information Technology Laboratory (ITL) at NIST promotes the U.S.
economy and public welfare by providing technical leadership for the
Nation's measurement and standards infrastructure. ITL develops tests,
test methods, reference data, proof of concept implementations, and
technical analyses to advance the development and productive use of
information technology. ITL's responsibilities include the development
of management, administrative, technical, and physical standards and
guidelines for the cost-effective security and privacy of other than
national security-related information in federal information systems.
This document reports on ITL's research, guidance, and outreach efforts
in Information Technology and its collaborative activities with
industry, government, and academic organizations.
